Add warning to readme to warn users of broken functionality (#561)
guacsec/guac: README.md

  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3060102/204297133-9bf702c6-b4e2-46df-a029-42b5060b19a4.png">
</p>

> > :warning: **GUAC is being re-architected to support GraphQL**: the main branch has broken functionally. Please use [release v0.0.1](https://github.com/guacsec/guac/releases/tag/v0.0.1) until work is complete!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: **GUAC is being re-architected to support GraphQL**: the main branch has breaking changes. Please use [release v0.0.1](https://github.com/guacsec/guac/releases/tag/v0.0.1) until work is complete!
```
